these sounds are produced by a set of
muscles called fauna clips found inside
that local sound is so important to a
dolphin compared to humans the area of
their brain used to process it is about
10 times bigger than ours even if they
don't have our kind of language they
have a way of expressing emotions via
sound which can be very advanced and
very dynamic it's an acoustical
expression of emotions here and now
while watching young Luna play Hammond
didn't recognized a sound that humans
know well and we also have seen a nice
sound we call a dolphin giggle when you
are young human being and you play fight
you you are giggling and that's a signal
to tell the other partner that you are
just play fighting not for serious and
obviously the authors have the same
thing they have a pulsed sound followed
by whistle dolphins like luna produce
hundreds of different combinations of
clicks and whistles
ecipher you may hold the key to
unlocking the secrets of dolphin
intelligence